docs: add token group docs (#6017)
solana-labs/solana-program-library: docs/src/token-2022/extensions.mdx

client must check that the mint and the group both point to each other.

#### Example: Create a mint with a group pointer to an external account

<Tabs className="unique-tabs" groupId="language-selection">
  <TabItem value="cli" label="CLI" default>

```console
$ spl-token --program-id TokenzQdBNbLqP5VEhdkAS6EPFLC1PHnBqCXEpPxuEb create-token --group-address 7ZJVSav7y76M41eFeyA3xz39UDigQspVNwyJ469TgR1S
Creating token EUMhJgfvjZa7Lb7fSqfD6WCUwELzzRVKunKSnSi4xK42 under program TokenzQdBNbLqP5VEhdkAS6EPFLC1PHnBqCXEpPxuEb

Address:  EUMhJgfvjZa7Lb7fSqfD6WCUwELzzRVKunKSnSi4xK42
Decimals:  9

Signature: 3ug4Ejs16jJgEm1WyBwDDxzh9xqPzQ3a2cmy1hSYiPFcLQi9U12HYF1Dbhzb2bx75SSydfU6W4e11dGUXaPbJqVc
```

  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="jsx" label="JS">

Coming soon!

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

### Group

Token-2022 supports grouping of tokens through the group extension. The
configurations for a group, which describe things like the update authority
and the group's maximum size, can be stored directly in the mint itself.

Token-2022 implements all of the instructions from the
[spl-token-group-interface](https://github.com/solana-labs/solana-program-library/tree/master/token-group/interface).

> The group extension should work directly with the group-pointer extension.

Reviewer: nit: this can be stronger
```suggestion
The group extension works directly with the group-pointer extension.
```

Author: Hah, I see how you read that. My intention was moreso to say "should be implemented directly with", but that was not a great way to word it. I like yours better!

During mint creation, you should also add the group-pointer extension, pointed

> at the mint itself.

Reviewer: I believe this is enforced during group creation, right? If so, we can use stronger language: "you must add the group-pointer extension"

pointer describes configurations for a mint's membership of a group.

When a Token-2022 mint possesses a member pointer, the mint is considered to be
a member mint (for example an NFT that belongs to a collection).

Similar to metadata and group, the member pointer can point to the mint itself,
and a client must check that the mint and the member both point to each other.

#### Example: Create a mint with a member pointer to an external account

<Tabs className="unique-tabs" groupId="language-selection">
  <TabItem value="cli" label="CLI" default>

```console
$ spl-token --program-id TokenzQdBNbLqP5VEhdkAS6EPFLC1PHnBqCXEpPxuEb create-token --member-address CXWuFdWifFQSvMMZ3UxZZVKtjYi2bZt89f5v3yV8zdVE
Creating token 5anZzJbbj6rBkrXW7zzw7MH28xXufj7AB5oKX1Cv4fdh under program TokenzQdBNbLqP5VEhdkAS6EPFLC1PHnBqCXEpPxuEb

Address:  5anZzJbbj6rBkrXW7zzw7MH28xXufj7AB5oKX1Cv4fdh
Decimals:  9

Signature: 3ug4Ejs16jJgEm1WyBwDDxzh9xqPzQ3a2cmy1hSYiPFcLQi9U12HYF1Dbhzb2bx75SSydfU6W4e11dGUXaPbJqVc
```

  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="jsx" label="JS">

Coming soon!

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

### Member

The member extension also plays a key role in managing groups of tokens with

> Token-2022. The configurations for a member, which describe things like the
> update authority and the member's number, can be stored directly in the mint
> itself.

Reviewer: The update authority isn't stored in the member
```suggestion
Token-2022. The configurations for a member, which describe things like the
group and the member's number, can be stored directly in the mint
itself.
```

> The member extension should work directly with the member-pointer extension.
> During mint creation, you should also add the member-pointer extension, pointed
> at the mint itself.

Reviewer: nit: Same here for stronger language
```suggestion
The member extension works directly with the member-pointer extension.
During mint creation, you must also add the member-pointer extension, pointed
at the mint itself.
```
